---
cover: null
author:
  name: MSRody
  avatarUrl: public/MikeWithMicBlue_sm.jpg
  link: https://www.facebook.com/mike.rody
date: 2024-04-17T00:00:00.000Z
layout: article
title: A Church For All Ages.
description: As with most IC's, IES is intentionally a Church for all ages where all are recognized as the Church.
draft: true
head: true
---

::hero
---
image: '/Articles/IC Series/DSC09570 (Small).JPG'
---

#title
IES is a Church for all ages, where Kids are the church today and so are their gradparents.

#description
IES like other ICs is a church made up of hundreds of different kinds of people from different places, backgrounds, traditions and expereinces.

::

# A Church Of All Ages

IES, like most International churches, is not limited to a certain age demographic. One of our core values is, 
"Kids are not the church of tomorrow. They are the church today!". This goes for any other age group or demographic category.

Many ICs start by connecting with younger people. Often because they are open to change and connecting with Christ in a new way. As they get married and raise their kids in the church. These parents desire for their kids to grow up with faith as a constant in their lives. For many, this is very different from how they grew up. There's a tremendous opportunity for growth and teaching with families who are changing their generational tragectory by following Christ.

Their desire for their kids to know God leads to a passion for their siblings, parents, aunts and uncles to know Him too. Many of our members have parents who have yet come to faith in Christ. Some even have stong cultural opposition to the idea with very traditional religious experience. God, however, is a long term investor and over time, ICs become a bridge. As those beloved elders see the impact of God on the lives of their children and grandchildren they are draw to accept the transformation Christ bings in their own lives. 

It is great to see God bringing whole families to faith. God is a long-term investor indeed and over the years we have seen many whole families come to faith in Christ.
