---
title: 'What Makes an International Church'
description: 'Various factors that make international church ministry unique and impactful.'
series: 'What's an IC.'
---
# What Makes an International Church

Knowing that we will soon set out to communicate the power and impact of International Church ministry in the global mission to our and future partners in American churches, who may have never lived outside of their culture or even their community, it seemed important to process and articulate the variety of things that make international church ministry unique and impactful. Around the time I finished my frist draft of ideas for this series of short articles I was made aware of a very similar article in the MICN website, by Andrew Lupton, entitled [Who Attends International Churches](https://micn.org/3-who-attends-international-churches-micn-missiology-series-by-andrew-lupton/).  I share it here right off the top, so that you know we're not the only ones thinking about this. In fact Internationl Churches now have along history and expanding impact in most major global cities and many second and third cities as well. IC's as we call them are a growing global phenomena and a powerful context for ministry impact.

My IC experience started when our family moved to Tehran in 1978. We started attending as soon as we arrived and were quickly absorbed into the community. Though we were ther only 10 months before the upheaval of revolution, the church community and impact have continued through out my life.  I would say I am a product of internationl church life. Subsequently my wife and I have been part of international churches in Indonesia and the Philippines, both as attenders and ministers. We also pastored a church in the US for 13 years.  I feel this gives me a perspective on what makes the IC ministry quite unique and important.

An IC is not your average church. Some are small, our church in Baguio City Philippines, at Camp John Hay, rarely had attendance over 60. Some are large, with several having multiple thousands in more than one campus. In those international churchs that thrive, large or small, with health and long term impact, there is are some common threads. 

Typically a thriving IC is marked diversity in many forms. This is evident in the range of ethnicity represented in the congregation.  Most IC's will be very multi-national in nature. When you bring people from many countries together there is a diversity of culture. Different cultures in the church being difference of expectations, religious experience and expression.

How all this diversity comes together is what makes IC's unique. This uniqueness has a great power to impact all involved as they see and value different approaches and expectation that they may have looked ascance at in a more homogenious setting. This openness to change begets and openness to growth and I have always seen spiritual growth happen at a much faster pace in IC's than in churches with homogenous congregations.

















