---
cover: /Articles/IC Series/VolunterNIghtAll-137 (Small)ObscureTags.jpg
author:
  name: MSRody
  avatarUrl: public/MikeWithMicBlue_sm.jpg
  link: https://www.facebook.com/mike.rody
date: 2024-04-17T06:00:00.000Z
layout: article
title: Great Opportunity To Share Faith
description: The variety of cultures and ethnicities in IES and other IC's give us a great opportunity to share faith, because we're so obvioulsly different.
draft: true
head: true
---

::hero
---
image: /Articles/IC Series/VolunterNIghtAll-137 (Small)ObscureTags.jpg
---
#title
IES is an open door for front sliding.

#description
The variety of cultures and ethnicities in IES and other IC's give us a great opportunity to share faith, because we're so obvioulsly different.

::

The variety of cultures and ethnicities in IES and other IC's give us a great opportunity to share faith. We're so obvioulsly different that it's okay to check us out. 

Spiritual development just seems to happen so much faster in an IC. In the international church setting, people are somewhat disconnected from their regular social connections of their home culture. This make life in church become so much more impactful. People see their personal life transformation more quickly and feel very confident to share their stories and hope with others. Marketplace outreach is a real part of the life of an IC. 

Additionally, because church is in English it's often perceived as “for foreigners". This becomes and open door for people of other religious background who are okay to attend as a cross-cultural or language learning experience. This open door has had a significant impact in the lives of may in IES who have come to faith or come to grow in faith and the knowledge of God and his word. 

Because IC's don't look like preconceived notions of a local or formal church, an invitation to this new environment comes with less pressure. An IC becomes a safe place to bring those who are not yet in faith or who may have an understanding of cultural christianity that is not a live and vibrant relationship with Christ. This openness allows many to come for language learning or friendship connections and front slide right into the Kingdom of God. Frontslideing is a term we used and have seen often in IES.  As people come to the church they grow in their understanding of what God has for them and over time come to realize they are living for, worshiping and serving God with a vibrant relationship in Him.
