---
cover: /Articles/Itinerating 2024/202407PhotoCollages/SunsetCanadianMountains - Medium.jpg
author:
  name: MSRody
  avatarUrl: public/MikeWithMicBlue_sm.jpg
  link: https://www.facebook.com/mike.rody
date: 2024-08-03T00:16:00.000Z
layout: article
title: Our Itineration Has Begun!
description: The process of Itineration has begun. We are meeting with Pastors, visiting and preaching at churches and making connections.
draft: true
head: true
---

::hero
---
image: /Articles/Itinerating 2024/202407PhotoCollages/SunsetCanadianMountains - Medium.jpg
---
#title
Our Itineration Has Begun!

#description
The process of Itineration has begun. We are meeting with Pastors, visiting and preaching at churches and making connections.

::

## Back in the US

We've enjoyed being back in the US. Though we really miss Jakarta and especially our church, [IES Jakarta](https://iesjakarta.org), we've enjoyed our time reconnecting with people and American culture. We've traveled alot of miles over the past few weeks and in the process seen lot of interesting things along the way. Unfortunately we couldn't take pictures of all of them but here are a few of the unique vehicles we've seen and some rather interesting animals as well.

::galleryPortrait
---
images: [/Articles/Itinerating 2024/202407PhotoCollages/Vehicles -COLLAGE - Medium.jpg, /Articles/Itinerating 2024/202407PhotoCollages/Animals-COLLAGE - Medium.jpg]
alttxt: ["Interesting Vehicles", "A few of the interesting animals we've seen....no, not James, the cougar."]
---
::


The things we've seen are interesting, but far better are all the people we've been able to reconnect with. We've had gatherings and surprise encounters alike. Much of the time we had so much fun we forgot to take pictures. This is especially true for family. Family of course is a big part of being back in the US. It's always good to be with our young men, Julius and James and of course to see Mom. We are blessed to have spent time with Teri, Kirk and Hayden as well as Auntie Charlotte, with whom we keep forgetting to take pictures. 

::galleryPortrait
---
images: [/Articles/Itinerating%202024/202407PhotoCollages/Friends%20-COLLAGE%20-%20Smallest.jpg, /Articles/Itinerating%202024/202407PhotoCollages/Family_COLLAGE%20-%20Smallest.jpg]
alttxt: ["We find friends everywhere.","Family is fundamental and much better in person."]
---
::

It's been great to be here, but now it's time to get to work.

Itineration is on!