---
cover: Giving_c.jpg
layout: default
head:
  title: Giving Page
description: Links for giving.
title: Giving
---

::hero
---
image: Giving_c.jpg
---
#title
The Giving Page

#description
We are looking for partners to help us carry the load and return to ministry in Indonesia.

- [Partners In Prayer](#giving-prayer)
- [Partners In Person - Internship](#giving-yourself-internship)
- [Partners In Finances](#giving-financially)

::

In order to return to Indonesia with our budget fully funded, we need to raise monthly pledges of $9,393.58. This only requires 32 individuals, families or churches to pledge $300 monthly. It's interesting that $300 is close to what the average American household spends on their combined cable, internet and cell phone bills. Those services give families more access to the world, while a $300 monthly pledge to the Rodys missions account gives the world more access to Christ.

Would you consider a pledge for $300 a month today? You can find more information below in our [Giving Financially](#giving-financially) section.  You can submit a [pledge](https://commitment.agwm.org/?AcctNo=2512630) in any amount directly to AGWM or [schedule regular giving](https://giving.ag.org/donate/aed0d660-415b-4d42-b8b1-c62023daa83b) through the AG giving page. 

# Partnerships make Missions Happen

Giving is not just financial, though that is an obvious area of need at this time. We hope to develop partnerships in the following three areas.

- [Giving Prayer](#giving-prayer)
- [Giving Yourself - Internship](#giving-yourself-internship)
- [Giving Financially](#giving-financially)

Please consider how you can partner with us and take up the challenge to stretch yourself in whatever God is laying on your heart.


## Partners In Prayer

We are looking for people to join us as ministry partners in prayer. We need your prayer first and foremost. It's actually the most important contribution you can make and the greatest way to partner with us. We hope that when you think of us you will bring us before God in prayer and we ask that you would set aside time regularly to pray for this ministry as our partners.

### So what do you pray for?

**Indonesia** is a great country with great work of ministry to be done. With over 277 million people, over 700 unique languages, over 10,500 inhabited islands, the work in immense but God is greater.

- Pray for the lost to be saved. More specifically do some research and choose one of our many not yet reached people and pray for them. There are so many who still need to hear God's word in a way they can access him. [Here's a link](https://joshuaproject.net/countries/ID) to Joshua Project where you can learn more about those not yet reached in Indonesia and around the world.
- Pray for the church to be strong and growing in health and outreach, to have a passion for God's word and growing His Kingdom.
- Pray for political, economic and environmental stability.
- Pray for workers, both Indonesian workers and international workers who would take up the call to minister here in Indonesia.

**The Rodys** also need your prayer.

- Please pray for wisdom & direction from God. He is the source of all good things and we want to be clear on where we're going and what we're doing because we are following our great leader and want to honor Him.
- Please pray for health & safety. There are so many things that can go wrong and derail the ministry of God's people. We know we need God's protection.
- Please pray for our young men, Julius & James. As much as we need God with us, we need to know that He is undertaking for our young men. We love them and we thank you for including them in your prayer for us.
- Please pray for God's provision. Surely we cannot do the ministry we are called to unless God provides the resources.

## [Partner In Person - Internship](https://agwm.org/en/go/)

We are looking for people to join us as partners in ministry. We have great internship opportunities in Indonesia. Most internships are 6 months to 1 year and may be served in many different ministry contexts. We have a number of places where you can check out the possibilities for internships listed below. You can also talk to us and see what's possible.

- [IES Internship Page](https://iesjakarta.org/internships) for those interested in an internship at IES Jakarta.
- [APIC Internship Pages](https://apicinternships.org/) for International Church (IC) internships with any of our AG IC's in Indonesia or around the Asia Pacific region.
- [Wide Open Missions - Indonesia](https://wideopenmissions.org/opportunities?r=asia-pacific\&f=indonesia) hosts a long list of ministries opportunities with AGWM in Indonesia.

If you think God might be speaking to you about international ministry, an internship at IES Jakarta or one of our other IC's would be a great opportunity to test that calling and grow in it. It will give you a chance to see what is possible and see what other doors God might open for your future ministry.

## [Partner In Finances](https://giving.ag.org/donate/aed0d660-415b-4d42-b8b1-c62023daa83b)

- We need partners who will join with us in this ministry through consistent financial support. In Assemblies of God World Missions, pledges allow us to make plans.  Without pledges of support, we cannot move forward. You can make a monthly pledge in any ammount and it will enable our missions work in Indonesia. You can [make a pledge here](https://commitment.agwm.org/?AcctNo=2512630).
- If you want to give right way or set up a recurring gift, you can [make a contribution here](https://giving.ag.org/donate/aed0d660-415b-4d42-b8b1-c62023daa83b).
- If you'll use another way to make a contribution or pledge through AGWM, our account number is: **251263**

### Financial contributions from outside the US

If you are not in the US or you are in a US territory, it may be that your credit or debit card won't work in the AGWM giving portal. If that is the case, and you would like to contribute to our accounts you can send a bank transfer using the following transfer details. Please be sure to include our name, and our AGWM account number in the note with the transfer. See details below.

```text
Address: 
1445 N Boonville Avenue
Springfield, MO 65802  USA

Beneficiary Account No: 090000329

Beneficiary Bank:
Commerce Bank
Address: 
1000 Walnut Street
Kansas City, MO

Swift No: CBKCUS44
ABA No:  101 000 019
```

In the note include:

```text
Mike & Chelly Rody
AGWM Account #: 251263
```

Thank you always for partnering with us in this ministry.
