---
layout: default
head.title: Giving Page
description: Links for giving.
title: Giving
---
::hero
#title
The Giving Page.
#description
Ways to give yourself and participate in the Rody's ministry.
::

## Giving Pray
We can use your prayer. It's actually the most important contribution you can make. We hope that when you think of us you will bring us before God in prayer.

### So what do you pray for?
**Indonesia** is a great country with great work of ministry to be done. With over 273 million people, over 700 unique languages, over 10,500 inhabited islands, the work in immense but God is greater.
- Pray for the lost to be saved. More specifically do some research and choose one of our many not yet reached people and pray for them.  There are so many who still need to hear God's word in a way they can access him.
- Pray for the church to be strong and growing in health and outreach, to have a passion for God's word and growing His Kingdom.
- Pray for political, economic and environmental stability.
- Pray for workers, both Indonesian workers and intrnational workers who would take up the call to minister here in Indonesia.

**The Rodys** also need your prayer.
- Please pray for wisdom & direction from God.  He is the source of all good things and we want to be clear on where we're going and what we're doing because we are following our great leader.
- Please pray for health & safety. There are so many things that can go wrong that derail God's people. We know we need God's protection.
- Please pray for our young men, Julius & James. As much as we need God with us, we need to know that he is undertaking for our young men. We love them and we thank you for including them in your prayer for us. 
- Please pray for God's provision.  Surely we cannot do the ministry we are called to unless God provides the resources.  

## [Giving Yourself - Internship](https://agwm.org/en/go/)
We have great internship opportunities in Indonesia. Most internships are 6 months to 1 year and may be served in many different ministry contexts. We have a number of places where you can check out the possibilities for internships listed below. You can also talk to us and see what's possible.
* [IES Internship Page](https://iesjakarta.org/internships) for those interested in an internship at IES Jakarta.
* [APIC Internship Pages](https://apicinternships.org/) for International Church (IC) internships with any of our AG IC's in Indonesia or around the Asia Pacific region.
* [Wide Open Missions - Indonesia](https://wideopenmissions.org/opportunities?r=asia-pacific&f=indonesia) hosts a long list of ministries oportunities with AGWM in Indonesia.

If you think God might be speaking to you about international ministry, an internship at IES Jakarta or one of our other IC's would be a great opporunity. It will give you a chance to see what is possible and see what other doors God might open for your future ministry.

## [Giving Financially](https://giving.ag.org/donate/aed0d660-415b-4d42-b8b1-c62023daa83b)  
- We need regular supporters who will contribute consistently in support of our montly budget. You can [make a pledge here](https://commitment.agwm.org/?AcctNo=2512630).
- If you want to give right way, you can [make a contribution here](https://giving.ag.org/donate/aed0d660-415b-4d42-b8b1-c62023daa83b).
- If you'll use another way to make a contribution or pledge through AGWM, our account number is: **2512630**
