---
cover: '/Articles/Itinerating2025/202504/Sprague.jpg'
author:
  name: MSRody
  avatarUrl: public/MikeWithMicBlue_sm.jpg
  link: https://www.facebook.com/mike.rody
date: 2025-03-28T12:00:00.000Z
layout: article
title: Where Are We Headed?
description: When you set out on a trip you know where you're going and you have a plan for the time you'll be there.  When doing on a journey it's not always as clear.
draft: true
head: true
---

::hero
---
image: /Articles/Itinerating2025/202504/Sprague.jpg
---
#title
So...Where Are We Headed?

#description
View from the Sprague rest area on I-5. Looking off into the distance it seems we can almost see where we're headed.  
::

When you set out on a trip you know where you're going and you have a plan for the time you'll be there. When doing on a journey it's not always as clear. We've seen that ministry is a journey. When we returned from Jakarta in the 1990's we knew God would open a door, but we sure didn't expect to end up in Ferndale. Though we make plans, at times, the process is unclear. That is how our past year has been. We've known for quite some time that God has something new for us. We've been seeking his clear direction. We've been hoping for certain outcomes, knowing that it may not go our way. Through out the past year, many have asked what we will do. We've been asking the same and we are still not sure. Recently though, some things are slowly becoming more clear. 

## Clarity is Good
Even if the clarification is not what we had hoped for, it's good to have greater clarity. So what's more clear now? At this point, the Lead Pastor role at IES is off the table for us. We understand that another fine couple, whom we know, will present their ministry in July and be voted on at that time. There's no reason to think they would not be accepted by the membership. So, barring any unforeseen changes, that is now a closed door. We have prayed all along that God would make His way clear and we are trusting him not only to clarify what we will not be able to do, but what he will enable us to do.

## Clarity Highlights the Need 
This clarity changes our trajectory quite a bit. It's become all the more imperative that we raise our [budget](/articles/202410-missionary-appointment#budget). We need churches and individuals to come alongside and [partner with us financially](https://therodys.com/giving#partner-in-finances). 

I understand some have set on the sideline thinking the Rody's might not need their financial partnership. It is clear now, ***we need your financial partnership*** at this time. We are not able to go our to any ministry until our budget is filled with faithful financial partnerships. Our financial partners commitments total $1770.00 mo. We've seen very few new commitment since since early this year when several church budget cycles turned over. That puts us at just 18.66% of our monthly budget raised. ***We need new financial partners to jump in and join with us today.*** 

>>If you'd like to join us in financial partnership you can set up regular giving right from the AG giving page, [here](https://giving.ag.org/donate/aed0d660-415b-4d42-b8b1-c62023daa83b) or make a pledge for monthly giving [here](https://commitment.agwm.org/?AcctNo=2512630).

## Clarity Helps Direct Our View
Ministry opportunities abound and we are looking at several possibilities. Some we've been thinking about for a long time and some new opportunities have recently surfaced. There are always more opportunities than workers. Please pray that we will have wisdom as we consider these possibilities. We've talked about planting another international Church in Jakarta. I believe this is on track with or without us. There are opportunities to plant in other urban areas of Asia Pacific, or working with an established International Church in another Asia Pacific gateway city, or both. Our great desire is to do what builds the kingdom and makes our next 10 to 20 years of ministry most productive.

## Clarity helps us pray
Please be in prayer with us as we process all of this. Change brings on alot of emotions which may or may not help in making good Spirit lead decisions. Please pray for God's direction and a clear sense of how He wants to use us for His great purpose. Please pray that more partners will come alongside us to support us in prayer and finances. Pray that those who have been waiting to see where we're headed will now jump in now adding their finances to their prayer. 

>[Psalm 139:1-6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20139&version=NIV)
¹ You have searched me, Lord, and you know me.
² You know when I sit and when I rise; you perceive my thoughts from afar.
³ You discern my going out and my lying down; you are familiar with all my ways.
⁴ Before a word is on my tongue you, Lord, know it completely.
⁵ You hem me in behind and before, and you lay your hand upon me.
⁶ Such knowledge is too wonderful for me, too lofty for me to attain.
<br/>⁷ Where can I go from your Spirit?
Where can I flee from your presence?
(NIV)

## Lack of Clarity Reminds Us We're In God's Hands
With this increasing clarity, we look back and see how God has carried us to the right ministry, the right people and the right places along our journey.  We remember how God made it clear that we should go to Ferndale, even when we didn't really want to go there.  We remember how God openned the door for us to leave Ferndale and return to Jakarta after we'd given up on the process. We see how God provided for us returning to the US in 2024 with no income and no where to hang our hat. Along our journey, God has placed us, openned doors for us, provided for us and protected us and He will continue to do that. He will also complete the work of giving us enough clarity to go where we are headed, even if we don't know now.
