---
cover: '/Articles/Itinerating2025/202505/BeachViewFL.jpg'
author:
  name: MSRody
  avatarUrl: public/MikeWithMicBlue_sm.jpg
  link: https://www.facebook.com/mike.rody
date: 2025-07-19T22:00:00.000 -07:00
layout: article
title: Where Are We Headed?
description: Looking into the distance we may almost perceive where we're headed. As God gives us clarity we would know that this view over the Atlantic is looking entirely in the wrong direction.
draft: true
head: true
---

::hero
---
image: /Articles/Itinerating2025/202505/BeachViewFL.jpg
---
#title
So...Where Are We Headed?

#description
Looking into our future we may almost perceive where we're headed. We are confident God has gives us enough clarity that the view of Atlantic in this photo is looking entirely in the wrong direction.  
::

When you set out on a trip you know where you're going and you have a plan for the time you'll be there. When doing on a journey it's not always as clear. We've seen that ministry is a journey. When we returned from Jakarta in the 1990's we knew God would open a door, but we sure didn't expect to end up in Ferndale. Though we make plans, at times, the process is unclear. That is how our past year has been. We've known for quite some time that God has something new for us. We've been seeking his clear direction. We've been hoping for certain outcomes, knowing that it may not go our way. Through out the past year, many have asked what we will do. We've been asking the same and we are still not sure. Recently though, some things are slowly becoming more clear. 

## Clarity is Good
Even if the clarification is not what we had hoped for, it's good to have greater clarity. 

Today, IES Jakarta held an informational meeting to allow the Board of Deacons to present the candidate they are putting forward for the next Lead Pastor of IES and the process that will culminate in a vote in September. 

Since we are not their candidate, it appears our time of ministry in IES has come to a close. This seemed a likely outcome since the beginning of the year and has crept into reality over the past 7 months. Though I started writing this post in early May, we've held our posts and not made statements about it on video, because it's not our announcement to make. We love IES. We want this process to continue smoothly and for IES to continue to thrive. We have prayed all along that God will make His way clear. We are trust him to not only clarify what we will not doing, but also what he will enable us to do.

## Clarity Highlights the Need 
This clarity changes our trajectory quite a bit. It's become all the more imperative that we raise our [budget](/articles/202410-missionary-appointment#budget). We need churches and individuals to come alongside and [partner with us financially](https://therodys.com/giving#partner-in-finances). 

I understand some have set on the sideline thinking the Rody's might not need their financial partnership. It is clear now, ***we need your financial partnership*** at this time. We are not able to go until our budget is filled with faithful financial partnerships. Currently, we've raised commitment of $2045.00 mo. or about 21.56% of our $9,485.60 budget.  ***We need new financial partners to jump in and join with us to enable us to move forward.*** 

>If you'd like to join us in financial partnership you can set up regular giving right from the AG giving page, [here](https://giving.ag.org/donate/aed0d660-415b-4d42-b8b1-c62023daa83b) or make a pledge for monthly giving [here](https://commitment.agwm.org/?AcctNo=2512630).

## Clarity Helps Direct Our View
As we look into the open doors before us, we are fully committed to international church ministry and expect to continue that ministry in the Asia Pacific region. IC ministry opportunities abound in Asia Pacific and we are looking at several possibilities. We want to do what's best. Best is not always easy to determine, nor easy to accomplish. We are seeking God's direction and pursuing opportunities that lie before us. In a few months, we should have a more detailed understanding of our ministry's future. 

Itineration continues. We look forward to being able to state clearly where and to what we are headed. As we have learned through this past year, not everything moves at the pace we would prefer. 

## Clarity helps us pray
* Please be in prayer with us as we process all of this. Though we've been processing this form months, change brings on a lot of emotions which may or may not help in making good Spirit lead decisions. 
* Please pray for God's direction and a clear sense of how we can best fulfill His great purpose. Please pray that more partners will come alongside us to support us in prayer and finances. 
* Please pray that those who have waited to see where we're headed will join with us, adding their finances to their prayer. 

> 
[Psalm 139:1-6](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm%20139&version=NIV)
<br/>¹ You have searched me, Lord, and you know me.
<br/>² You know when I sit and when I rise; you perceive my thoughts from afar.
<br/>³ You discern my going out and my lying down; you are familiar with all my ways.
<br/>⁴ Before a word is on my tongue you, Lord, know it completely.
<br/>***⁵ You hem me in behind and before, and you lay your hand upon me.***
<br/>⁶ Such knowledge is too wonderful for me, too lofty for me to attain.
<br/>⁷ Where can I go from your Spirit? Where can I flee from your presence?
<br/>(NIV)
>

## Lack of Clarity Reminds Us, We're In God's Hands
In this lack of clarity moving forward, we are reminded of the very graphic language of Psalm 139:5, ***⁵ You hem me in behind and before, and you lay your hand upon me.***" We are in God's hands. With our increasing clarity, we look back and see how God has carried us to the right ministry, the right people and the right places along our journey. We remember how God made it clear that we should go to Ferndale, even when we didn't really want to go there, and God blessed us there. We remember how God opened the door for us to leave Ferndale and return to Jakarta after we'd given up on the possibility of returning. We see how God provided for us, while preparing to return to the US in 2024 with no income and no where to hang our hat. 

Along our journey, God has placed us, opened doors for us, provided for us, and protected us and He will continue to do it. He will complete the work of giving us enough clarity to go where we are headed, even if we don't know now exactly where that is right now.