---
cover: '/Articles/Itinerating2025/202504/Sprague.jpg'
author:
  name: MSRody
  avatarUrl: public/MikeWithMicBlue_sm.jpg
  link: https://www.facebook.com/mike.rody
date: 2025-04-5T12:00:00.000Z
layout: article
title: Spring In The Air
description: It's March and Spring is finally in the air.  With the snow gone we went a long way in the month of March.
draft: true
head: true
---

::hero
---
image: /Articles/Itinerating2025/202504/Sprague.jpg
---
#title
Spring Is In The Air.

#description
This view from the Sprague, WA rest stop along I-90 reminds me that the future is bright even if it's cloudy up close.  
::





## 3350

3350, that's a lot of miles and is the how many miles we've drive in the month of March. Though 2024 ended slowly and 2025 started slow, March came in like a lion. Now that's usually a reference the weather, but God blessed us with miles not hard weather. Most of Mike's travel this month has been in or on the way to Eastern Washington.

## Eastern Washington is beautiful in the Spring
Though We've tried to schedule our Eastern Washington tour to avoid snow in the mountian passes, Mike did have a the privilege of driving throught the first snow storm of the year in November. He was returning home from the Okanogan Area Meeting. We've hit some beautiful light snow in the pass over the past few weeks as well.
[Vinyards and fields just before and just after the first snow of the season in along the Okanagan River, south of Omak, WA.](/Articles/Itinerating2025/202503/FieldCollage.png)

We've always thought that Eastern Washington is beautiful, especially in the Spring. Mike had the privilege of watching Spring come one through the month of March with travel to [Riverside](https://maps.app.goo.gl/ekW1Xa5ryChZzM197){:target="_blank"} , [Hartline](https://maps.app.goo.gl/UBYCjh3DAtCwkS9b7){:target="_blank"} , [Moses Lake](https://maps.app.goo.gl/kNjjnPC3C5BeSs33A){:target="_blank"} , [Spokane](https://maps.app.goo.gl/rVhw68Xf9HmW7aPz6){:target="_blank"}  and [Chewelah](https://maps.app.goo.gl/Ss6R95XwFNZk5jQn8){:target="_blank"} . We've included the map links in case you've not heard of some of these places

We've had services and area pastors meetings and mid-week missions panel discusions. Since I was alone for most of those trips I didnt get a lot of pictures, but we were blessed everywhere we went. 
[Crosspoint Assembly in Union Gap, WA.](/Articles/Itinerating2025/202503/Crosspoint.jpg)

Special thanks to Hartline Assembly and Pastor Michael Mele who put Mike up on a Sunday night so he could attend the area pastors meeting in Moses Lake the following morning.  What a pleasure to join the church for a worship and prayer service that Sunday evening and wake up to the beautiful sunrise seen at the top of the page.
[The very hospitable Pastor Michael Mele and Hartline Assembly congregation members after worship and paryer night.](/Articles/Itinerating2025/202503/Hartline.jpg)

