---
cover: '/Articles/IC Series/AscensionDay - May18-2 (Small).jpg'
author:
  name: MSRody
  avatarUrl: public/MikeWithMicBlue_sm.jpg
  link: https://www.facebook.com/mike.rody
date: 2024-04-17T00:00:00.000Z
layout: article
title: IC's Are Local Churches That Share Resources With Local Churches
description: IC's are an asset to the Church of their nation. Through connections, experience, education, resources and a desire to see God's Kingdom grow, international churches and their people desire to partner in ministry.
draft: true
head: true
---

::hero
---
image: '/Articles/IC Series/AscensionDay - May18-2 (Small).jpg'
---

#title
IES is a Church made up of all kinds of people
#description
IES is intentional about being an asset to the Churches of Indonesia. We often have connections, experience, resources and contacts that can bless our local Indonesian churches. We all desire to see God's Kingdom grow so we partner with our neighbors to see them grow.

::

IES is not an island, it is part of the GSJA, the Indonesian Assemblies of God. IES intends to be an asset to the Churches of Indonesia. IES invests in the local church by sharing connections, experience, education oportunities, technical & ministry training because we a desire to see God's Kingdom grow. We want to see the GSJA thrive in every corner of Indonesia.

We may not all speak the same language but we do serve the same God and King who calls us to grow His Kingdom, not our own little silo'd version of a kingdom. We are always looking to partner with others who have long term local presence, who can direct new believers to churches that will connect with them in ministry and will see the ministry investment through, over the long term. This is played out in mission outreach but also in our coordination with and encouragement of our neighboring churches, their pastors and leadership. 

